Strange things happen every year
This year is especially many
A blind man who cannot see
This is actually connected to the first divine sword in the world
What Excalibur?
I think this sword is fake too
I have seven seconds.
fame
Come on guys, please listen to me
This Wu Ganjian
It is the guardian of my Xiao family through the ages
It's not fake.
This five-fingered maniac
With my permission
Robbed by my sister without permission
Please also ask the four Humas to call the shots for Xiao Wang
Don't worry.
There are four of us
I don't have that ability yet
Brother, I think this kid has some skills
Now he has a dust-free sword
How can we save lives?
Don't forget.
And that trick
What!
Really have that trick
That's so exciting
This is the ultimate of our four protectors
work hard
The commander is here
It turned out to be the legendary Tiangang Battle Formation
I want to see this irredeemable thing
How to respond
I thought it was a trick
It turned out to be the battle that day